(theme music playing)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(grunts)
Do you think me a fool?
No. Dominus.
Yet you dishonor me.
An agreement
reached. an oath sworn...
You would submit
to gladiatorial training.
call me master.
attend to the rules.
In return. I would search
for your precious wife.
But your haste bested you...
Defying Doctore.
maneuvering to usurp Gnaeus
to face Crixus in the arena.
your first contest with Crixus.
the champion of fucking Capua.
I realize the mistake in it.
Mistake?
Fuck. you had the crowd.
You survived execution
against four of Solonius's men.
Your name was on every tongue.
Now after your showing with
Crixus. it's spoken of with contempt.
Your little mistake
makes reunion with
your wife problematic.
You have knowledge of her?
The Syrian Glaber sold her to
was last noted heading north.
We've yet to divine
their destination.
You must keep searching for her.
You shit on honorable agreements
and press for fresh demands?
Tell me. Thracian.
how will you pay for her
release if found. hmm?
Her transport?
Do you shoot magic
coins out of your ass?
If so. squat and produce.
I shall fight in the
arena. My winnings...
No one wishes to see you fight.
The crowd's favor.
like the wind. is fleeting.
Their interest in
you has blown out.
There must be a
way for me to fight.
Only one.
in a place where you needn't
follow rules. because none exist...
The pits of the underworld.
Fight there and survive.
and you will fill both
our hands with coin
and...
you may yet feel your
wife's touch again.
(grunts)
(Barca laughs)
Thracian bitch.
Batiatus: Barca. release.
I think your wife's binding
should remain here.
Where you're going. you
might lose it along with an arm.
Finish preparing him.
A word. Dominus.
If hastened.
The walls spread
rumor of the pits.
You find objection
to this course?
It is a place of
pain and suffering.
beasts dying without honor.
Your father would never have...
The decision is made.
If a beast cannot be
tamed. it must be unleashed.
If the rains ever return.
I shall soak in a
bath for a week.
Perfume.
Only a few drops remain. Domina.
I shall save them for Jupiter.
I will douse his altar and pray
that the scent sparks a deluge.
Have you seen my
dagger? It eludes me.
What purpose requires it?
I've divined an additional
stream of revenue.
one that will provide
us a proper bath.
Oh. and this stream...
It flows from what orifice?
The pits.
Look. Crixus remains the
single draw of the ludus.
Of the new recruits. Varro
is the only man of promise.
Spartacus and Kerza
prove worthless in the arena.
So I fight them tonight where
they may yet fill our purse.
Quintus.
dispatching the
Thracian brings me relief.
You descending
into the pits does not.
It stains the name
and threatens the body.
My body will be well
protected. Barca looms over it.
ready to break bone at
the slightest provocation.
Inform Barca that if
you return scathed.
I'll have his cock in a jar.
The message will
be dutifully delivered.
Give Crixus a woman tonight...
Motivation to the others
that success brings
decoration in many forms.
I'll see him well satisfied.
Keep moving. you fuck.
Where do they take him?
To the underworld.
where he belongs.
Back to training.
Tell me I don't look like I have
been shit from a boar's ass like you.
I am not dying in the pits.
I'll show these fucking cunts
my cock was forged
in Vulcan's flames.
I will fuck them all!
Crowd: Tear his ass
open! Rip his head off!
Get up. get up. you useless...!
Shit.
(groaning)
Ovidius approaches.
Ovidius. good to lay eyes.
I had expected
them laid earlier.
Our agreement calls for the
repayment of your debt plus 30%
to be delivered the day after
the games of the vulcanalia.
Yet I find you here.
wagering coin still owed.
You'll be first to receive
what is due. I assure you.
Words spewed by Janus.
from both sides of his face.
You'll be repaid soon enough.
unless you'd care
to press the matter.
At your convenience then.
Until such time.
the points still accrue.
(spits) Ass-eating shit.
Speak to me such again. I
will accrue your fucking head.
Ixion... victor.
You want to face me?
(gate clanging)
May the gods fare
you better. Thracian.
for both our sakes.
Your neck is bare of my gift.
It is.
You did not favor it then...
The necklace I gave you?
Lower your voice.
Your gift... I cannot accept it.
Pardon my mistake.
You must understand.
If Domina...
You've made
your intention clear.
Does it excite you
to know that your very footsteps
moisten my thighs?
I would have them
dripping even more.
Well. draw closer
and make it so.
What are you clutching?
Show me.
A humble gift...
for a goddess.
Put it on.
Does it please you?
Yes.
(both moaning)
Witness the captive beasts.
quenching our thirst with blood.
set to die in the pits...
Payment for their
offensive births.
Let death descend anew.
Behold Myrmex.
Behold Spartacus.
(booing)
The crowd does not
seem to favor him.
Why would they. after
his showing in the arena?
What weapons shall
the gods bless them with?
Or curse them
with empty hands?
Choose your fate.
Myrmex draws sphairai.
Spartacus draws caestus.
Myrmex has the advantage.
Thank you for the
fucking obvious.
We have but a single rule...
Only one survives;
mongrel on mongrel
till Charon arrives.
What do you make of the odds?
Four to one against our man.
maybe five.
Place 10 denarii on Spartacus
and pray for ample return.
Dominus.
Men: Come on!
Rip his face off.
(roars)
Do something!
Yeah!
Spartacus... victor.
Give him a moment's rest.
then fight him again.
You're hurt.
I'm all right.
You push yourself too far.
And yet I live.
For how long?
As long as it takes.
Then kill them all.
(inhales sharply)
Do you plan to
return to the pits?
They fill our hands with coin.
with yet more to be mined.
And what when the
shaft caves in on you?
What then?
You know the law... without an
heir I'd be forced to marry another.
Is that what you want...
Somebody else's hands upon me?
I want everything...
yet can afford nothing.
My concern's only
with you. Quintus.
If you're lost.
my reason for breath
would surely follow.
I remain firmly rooted.
Banish it from thought.
When Spartacus ends.
so does my time in the pits.
Till then. his victories
swell our purse...
which you deflate
with new purchases.
This simple thing? Its
rediscovery today pleased me.
It was my mother's.
lost amongst her things.
A woman of modest
taste. sorely missed.
Perhaps we should
return the emerald necklace
we bought from Ramel.
Well. it was excessive.
And if the coin will help
speed you from the pits I'd be...
Keep them both.
I will not have my
wife return jewelry.
I should wash. I smell of death.
No. you smell like a man.
(moaning)
You live.
I told you he would.
What of Kerza?
Fallen.
never to rise whole.
This is where gladiators
sleep. not dogs.
Hold your tongue.
He stays...
He wakes beside
Kerza in the afterlife.
Spartacus.
pay no mind to
those inbred fucks.
They speak the truth.
I am no longer a gladiator.
You are still a man.
Am I?
One deserving respect.
Though I'll grant the pits could
force Jupiter himself to doubt his cock.
What do you know of the pits?
Too much.
I wagered coin there at a time.
You were of the crowd.
howling for blood?
Pride does not
follow the statement.
These fights.
Spartacus. they're...
They're different
from the arena.
I've seen them twist the mind.
turning men into beasts.
their senses flown.
Sleep then.
and dream of better days.
Would you have me bake
in the sun or offer a price?
14 denarii.
14?
That's half of what
I paid not days ago.
Used gems fail to
command full value.
Oh.
Oh. in the business
of jewelry... Perhaps.
Oh. a beautiful piece.
Allow me to buy from you
at full price.
You have a woman in mind
who might favor it. Solonius?
Indeed.
She stands before me...
A vision.
Take it.
and keep your emeralds.
The thought of them
against your skin warms mine.
Perhaps you mistake
the heat of the sun.
I'll have your offer. Ramel.
Pride...
Always part of your
considerable attraction.
A trait which yet endears
me to my husband.
How is he fairing these days?
Beloved Ovidius
mentioned something
about fighting his
men in the pits.
It's a temporary measure.
Oh. to be sure.
I pray fortune swiftly
returns to his favor.
so we may battle once again
in the arena
with honor.
14 denarii.
May the gods shrivel your cock.
Study the flaws
of your opponent.
Strike with your mind
as well as your sword.
Fail to use your
wits in the arena.
and risk tumbling
after Spartacus
into the pits.
(men laugh)
The man is no base
humor to be laughed at.
He is a tale of caution.
Ponder on that
while you fill your bellies.
Eat.
A little porridge
and some water.
It's just a sip. but. you
know. the drought...
Pietros.
get away from him.
Thank you.
Your boy fancy the
Thracian. does he?
My cock keeps him well filled.
(laughs)
The beast of Carthage.
I always wondered how
you acquired the name.
If you have words of
purpose. speak them.
I was merely curious. Crixus.
The gift I procured for you...
Did it satisfy its intent?
Gift?
Yeah. an opal
necklace of the finest...
Your tongue rattles
too freely in your mouth.
Secure it. or it will join
that useless leg of yours.
(grunts)
Apologies.
A question born of
good will. I assure you.
Well. you can stick
your good will in your ass.
What necklace does
the shit speak of?
It's nothing... best forgotten.
You mad fuck.
A trinket for Lucretia's
pet. wasn't it?
Rest your mind.
I am of no interest to Naevia.
Nor her to you.
if you value your cock
attached to your balls.
Barca. see to Spartacus.
I want him ready to
fight before the sun falls.
Barca: Yes. Dominus.
Rise. dog.
More death awaits.
(grunting)
(crowd cheering)
Fuck.
He's finished.
(screaming)
(bones crack)
That's how you send
a dog to the afterlife.
Spartacus... victor!
- Yeah!
- (crowd cheers)
The odds soar in Spartacus's
favor. They believe he's unbeatable...
A dead man whose soul
refuses to leave his body.
Spartacus has no soul.
It resides in the
heart of another.
Prepare yourself.
You fight Mytilus next.
(screaming)
Crixus. you are summoned.
Thank you.
Wait.
Domina will grow impatient.
You know the
urgency of her desires.
She did not summon you.
Then why am I here?
The necklace...
You purchased it for me?
As I've said.
Then why does it grace
the neck of Domina?
(laughs)
The mind of a woman.
You deflect a gesture only
to question where it lands.
Your words were.
"I cannot accept it."
Yes. my words
cut off before completion.
Well. then complete.
That it is impossible for me
to keep it regardless of desire.
There is nothing in my possession
that was not given to me by Domina.
Are you so thick that
this fact was ignored?
Did you think she
would not notice?
I misunderstood your
meaning in returning it.
Of course you misunderstood.
You have no mind
outside the arena.
You think only with your
sword and your shield.
you stupid. lumbering...
You are a fool.
Guard.
- (crowd roaring)
- Man: Only one survives.
Mongrel on mongrel.
Spartacus... victor.
Crowd: Rip his head off!
How much longer?
How much blood until we're free?
Soon.
I promise you.
Just the thought of holding you.
feeling you against me...
It's the only thing that
keeps my heart beating.
Varro: You look like shit.
I've endured worse.
What man could and still
count himself of this world?
Sura: This world...
All it holds is suffering.
It will end one day
and we will be reunited.
As gladiators?
A welcomed thought.
One that keeps me from
the grasp of the afterlife.
Your condition speaks
to its encroachment.
Mandrake root.
acquired from Ashur.
chewed to numb the pain.
Take it.
I can't.
I need what remains of
my senses to save you.
Varro: Save me from what?
Spartacus.
Your offer is well received.
even in the turning away of it.
Spartacus handsomely returns.
Will the sum balance our debts?
The scales are well nudged.
but balanced...
No.
Pay out the most egregious.
but leave Ovidius with
empty fucking hands.
Ovidius?
The magistrate's cousin?
You should be in
bed. The hour is late.
And our debts follow.
If money is owed to Ovidius...
Batiatus: Then it will
be paid in due course.
The man offered me insult. I
won't reward it with swift coin.
Is that wise? If he complains to
the magistrate. I worry the result...
I am the paterfamilias.
The worry is mine alone.
Was that how you woke
this morning... alone?
Was I not by your side?
Lucretia.
how did you come to
possess those coins?
Lucretia.
From Ramel. if you must know.
In exchange for the
emerald necklace.
I commanded you
to do no such thing.
Commanded? You
mistake me for a slave.
You know my intentions better.
Lucretia. the emeralds...
They looked lovely on you.
To see them returned a
casualty of ill finances...
The fault was mine
in pressing the
purchase in the first place.
Your worries are
my worries. Quintus.
You are never alone.
A notion to warm the heart.
The emerald necklace...
What did it bring?
14 denarii.
- 14?
- 14.
Days past it
commanded twice that.
Women and business...
And these are the results.
An offer for the full price was
made by Solonius who happened by.
Better business had I accepted?
You struck the wiser bargain.
Solonius knows of
your activities in the pits.
- The whole city does by now.
- Let their tongues wag.
The winnings will return
this ludus to solvency.
Then we'll have at Solonius
and all his shit-eaters.
How long can the Thracian last?
A handful of nights. if that.
Even the walking dead
eventually return to the grave.
(gate rattles)
(men clamoring)
Man: Send him back to the pits.
Man #2: He's not
a fucking gladiator.
- Spartacus.
- Man #3: I'll fuck him up.
Here. take it. Spartacus.
You have fought well. Spartacus.
The gods reward you.
The promise is kept.
Sura.
I will always be with you.
even in death.
The rains are coming.
Save me before they
wash everything away.
Sura.
No.
No!
Ashur: Not so much
fight in him now. is there?
He saves his
fury for the pits...
A place you wouldn't
last a fucking breath.
Spartacus.
you've fought well.
The gods may yet reward you.
The gods...
They came to me last night
in a dream.
What did they show you?
The truth.
Your profit from my
blood ends tonight.
Refuse to fight. and I will cease
my attempts to find your wife.
I have to save her
before the rains come.
Give way to your meaning.
you mad fuck.
The odds remain
high in my favor?
Still.
Then bet everything
you have against me.
You would die in the pits
willingly. to see my fortune rise?
Yes.
if you will hold to wrest my wife
from the Syrian with a piece of it.
What's to keep me to this
bargain once your blood is spilled?
Honor
and the promise of vengeance
from the afterlife if you betray it.
The deal is struck.
Make it appear a sincere fight.
Finish preparing him.
Behold
Spartacus.
Behold Ixion.
The wager is placed?
The sum has been spread among
the brokers to ease suspicion.
What weapons
shall the gods bless them with?
Or curse them with empty hands?
Choose your fate.
Ixion draws bipennis.
Spartacus draws sica.
We have but a single rule...
Only one survives;
mongrel on mongrel
till Charon arrives.
(screams)
Not yet. not yet.
You loser.
No!
My protector. and
here I stand bloodied.
I did not see there was another.
Batiatus: You must see all
when my life is in the balance.
Ring your crown with eyes
or have the two you possess
ripped from your fucking skull.
Their flesh carries
a brand. Dominus.
Of what origin?
Unfamiliar.
but certainly the
mark of a slave.
Slaves?
They send common fucking slaves
to kill Batiatus?
Common fucking slaves?
Fuck.
Discover their master.
I wish to have words with him.
Juno's lips.
Juno's heart.
Juno's belly.
The Kalends are upon us.
the first day of the new month.
Batiatus: Prepare a sacrifice.
Perhaps the gods will finally
grace us with a child in return.
(groans)
Quintus.
It's nothing. a minor annoyance.
Minor?
Why do you speak of children.
yet press to make me a widow?
It would take more than a
scratch to wrest me from your side.
Barely more. Sit.
And tell me who
must die in response.
The agents have already been
dispatched to the underworld.
the hand behind them
yet to be revealed.
I warned you of the
dangers of the pits.
I had thought to erase all our
debts through them after tonight.
Spartacus offered
terms to see it so.
What terms?
His willing death to wager upon.
locating his wife the
crux of the bargain.
The Thracian is dead?
No. he yet lives.
And the wager is lost.
How much?
A substantial sum.
We don't have it.
That Thracian...
He brings nothing but
shame on our house.
Were it not for him.
you would be a widow.
He saved my life
in the pits this night.
A place that you would never
have been if it weren't for him.
He's cursed. He's
cursed by the gods.
And I would see his life
ended as it should have been
when he stepped into the
arena. doomed for execution.
Every day that the
Thracian yet lives.
I fear that his curse
becomes our own.
Spartacus.
Batiatus summons you.
My wife thinks you
are cursed by the gods.
I'm inclined to agree.
You'll find no argument.
The rational course would
be to end your miserable life
before it further infects mine.
A promise was made
you would find Sura.
If you died in the pits.
Yet here you stand. alive.
As do you.
The promise is kept.
I will continue
the search for her.
You saved my life.
Gods or not.
a debt demands repayment.
He's to rejoin the gladiators
as soon as he is able.
(theme music playing)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-